Sometimes I wonder how God feels about us trying to explain everything through science. Is
this desire to lay out every aspect of the natural world an insult, or an annoyance, or at
the very least a waste of effort in his eyes? We push the boundaries of his creation as we
scour the planets for signs of life, uproot the earth's natural resources, turn chemicals
into other chemicals, sink lower and dig deeper and pry further...

At first I saw it as an inevitable misfortune that, as we narrow our focus into the science
of natural phenomena, we lose sight of their beauty. But then I realized this isn't all the
way true—it's undeniable that our greater understanding as a result of science unleashes a
greater appreciation. And is the generation of knowledge not divine itself?

Regardless, it's apparent that the initial thirst for clarity is not necessarily associated
with the admiration we have for certain aspects of the world's design. We hold value in
knowledge because of the illusory peace of mind that comes with understanding—of leaving
nothing unturned, unopened, undissected and un-destroyed.

So, I wonder what God thinks. We dissolve his creation into grains of sand to fit the scale
of our own definitions. We seek to make things earthly, and in doing so we lose sight. (Who
am I to judge? I am one and the same as all of us...still,) I see beauty in the absence of
understanding. I see peace in unknowingness, and I see acceptance as trust in God. When we
delegate the universe to guide us, we move faultlessly with the current and so become part
of it.

I am guilty of the lust for scientific understanding—I've had periods of terrible 
anxiety induced by questions with no answers, and in those times, framing the world in terms of
molecules or as the subject of new technology helps me feel more in control and at ease. And
I still get that way from time to time. But now, I feel as if I've found the hook that pulls
me toward acceptance, and I'm holding on. It's a bit paradoxical—consciously striving to
relinquish control. And even more funny is the likeliness that this "revelation" of mine is
something others have already confronted a long time ago. Nonetheless, in my own timeline,
I'm coming to accept my role in the universe as a mere piece—a blink of light.